README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img
    src="public/icon-256x256.png"
    align="center"
    width="100"
    alt="1spaceX"
    title="1spaceX"
  />
  <h1 align="center">1spaceX.com</h1>
</p>


<p align="center">🚀 Find <a href="https://www.spacex.com/">SpaceX</a> physical components with this <a href="https://nextjs.org">Next.js App</a> 🔍</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Node&message=v16.12&color=339933&logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=React&message=v18.0.0&color=61DAFB&logo=react&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Next.js&message=v13.1.5&color=000000&logo=next.js&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=TailwindCSS&message=v3.2.4&color=06B6D4&logo=tailwindcss&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=SpaceX%20API&message=v4&color=000000&logo=spacex&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🤗 Thank you for visiting this space exploration project, help spread it by giving a star 🌟<br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://github.com/360macky/1spaceX/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/360macky/1spaceX?label=Star%20this%20repository%21&style=social" /></a><br />
</p>


![Preview of 1spaceX](./.github/preview.gif)


## 🤖 Concept

1spaceX is a web app that helps you to find all the information about SpaceX components. You can find information about the capsules, cores, launches, payloads and rockets.

## 📦 Deployment

**1spaceX** is deployed in [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), you can visit the app in [1spaceX.com](https://1spaceX.com/).

## 🚀 Development

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## 🧪 Testing
**1spaceX** is integrated with a progressive unit-testing in the core components. This unit-testing is implemented with `@testing-library/react`.

*Footer unit-testing example:*
```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { render } from '@testing-library/react';
import Footer from './Footer';

describe('Suite test Footer', () => {
  it('should render GitHub Repository of the footer', () => {
    const { getByText } = render(<Footer />);
    const GitHubRepositoryLink = getByText(/GitHub Repository/i);
    expect(GitHubRepositoryLink).toBeInTheDocument();
  });
});
```


## 🤲 Contributing
Do you would like to contribute? Do you want to be the author of a new feature? Awesome! please fork the repository and make changes as you like. [Pull requests](https://github.com/360macky/1spaceX/pulls) are warmly welcome.


## 📃 License
Distributed under the MIT License.
See [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add UI subsection to User Interface

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img
    src="public/icon-256x256.png"
    align="center"
    width="100"
    alt="1spaceX"
    title="1spaceX"
  />
  <h1 align="center">1spaceX.com</h1>
</p>


<p align="center">🚀 Find <a href="https://www.spacex.com/">SpaceX</a> physical components with this <a href="https://nextjs.org">Next.js App</a> 🔍</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Node&message=v16.12&color=339933&logo=node.js&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://reactjs.org/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=React&message=v18.0.0&color=61DAFB&logo=react&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Next.js&message=v13.1.5&color=000000&logo=next.js&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=TailwindCSS&message=v3.2.4&color=06B6D4&logo=tailwindcss&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=SpaceX%20API&message=v4&color=000000&logo=spacex&style=for-the-badge" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🤗 Thank you for visiting this space exploration project, help spread it by giving a star 🌟<br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://github.com/360macky/1spaceX/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/360macky/1spaceX?label=Star%20this%20repository%21&style=social" /></a><br />
</p>


![Preview of 1spaceX](./.github/preview.gif)


## 🤖 Concept

1spaceX is a web app that helps you to find all the information about SpaceX components. You can find information about the capsules, cores, launches, payloads and rockets.

## 📦 Deployment

**1spaceX** is deployed in [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), you can visit the app in [1spaceX.com](https://1spaceX.com/).

## 🛠 Core Development

## 🖐 User Interface

**1spaceX** UI is built with [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), a utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom designs. Also with [Flowbite](https://flowbite.com/), a TailwindCSS UI Kit.

It is responsive and mobile-first, so you can use it in any device.

Available with dark mode based on the user's system preferences.

### 🛩 Deployment

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


## 🧪 Testing
**1spaceX** is integrated with a progressive unit-testing in the core components. This unit-testing is implemented with `@testing-library/react`.

*Footer unit-testing example:*
```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { render } from '@testing-library/react';
import Footer from './Footer';

describe('Suite test Footer', () => {
  it('should render GitHub Repository of the footer', () => {
    const { getByText } = render(<Footer />);
    const GitHubRepositoryLink = getByText(/GitHub Repository/i);
    expect(GitHubRepositoryLink).toBeInTheDocument();
  });
});
```


## 🤲 Contributing
Do you would like to contribute? Do you want to be the author of a new feature? Awesome! please fork the repository and make changes as you like. [Pull requests](https://github.com/360macky/1spaceX/pulls) are warmly welcome.


## 📃 License
Distributed under the MIT License.
See [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE) for more information.
